okay guys this is going to be roast beef
this into fall parcel a lot of people
produce enough fat to lubricate it and
stop it from sticking to the tin foil
just to be a hundred percent sure
I'm a fighter
which I've sorted out already I'd like a
little half in the center and I'm gonna
build my fire up around it so the
multiple layers of tinfoil are gonna
become roster and then once the beefs
close to being cooked I'll come back
with more vegetables
keep on turning it turn it like three
times already just gonna leave that fire
to burn right down now okay guys so for
my vegetables for my roast with my roast
beef I have got courgette cherry
tomatoes red onions red and yellow
peppers mix that with olive oil and just
mixed it all up and sandwich like that
you just read anything
three or four times before I just took
it away just go my father like that my
jacket potatoes not sir reckon rock to
dry
okay my beef is done my veggies going on
now my potatoes are almost done
sweet
now we'll go thighs beef jack potato
roast vegetables